README.md, before:

# Sweddit Universalis changelog

## Mingsplosion

#### Decisions
- Added **form Empire of China** decision

#### Government reforms
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Confucian religion** and that are both **<145 dev** and don't have **Chinese culture group primary culture**, grants **+5% morale of armies** and **+10% goods produced**.  A version of this reform also exists for **republics**, it also adds **-40 absolutism**
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Chinese culture group primary culture**, **Confucian religion** and **>144 dev**, grants **+5% morale of armies**, **-10% aggressive expansion**, **+10% goods produced** and **+100 governing capacity**. A version of this reform also exists for **republics**, it also adds **-40 absolutism**
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag** with **Confucian religion**, grants **+10% morale of armies**, **+0.2% yearly army professionalism**, **+20% goods produced** and **+300 governing capacity**. Only available to monarchies
- Added **Tier 2 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag**, grants **+20% manpower modifier** and **+20% land force limit**. Only available to monarchies
- Added **Tier 4 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag** with **Confucian religion**, grants **+2 monarch admin power** and **-1 diplomatic relations**. Only available to monarchies

#### History
- **Ming** broken up into multiple nations, many with **unique national ideas**

#### Mandate of Heaven
- Completely removed the **Mandate of Heaven** mechanic

#### Triggered Modifiers
- Added modifier, all **Theocracies** with **Confucian** religion gain **+5% morale of armies** and **+10% goods produced**

#### Wargoals
- Changed **Unify China** CB. Now only available **before 1550** to countries with **Chinese culture group primary culture** or **Manchu tag** or **Qing tag**. Applies to all provinces within **China super region**. Grants **75% aggressive expansion**, **150% prestige** and **100% peace cost**

## Misc changes

#### Ages
- Age of Revolutions **unlimited coring range** age ability changed to **+100% supply limit modifier**

#### Alliances
- Removed opinion requirement for forming alliance

#### Decisions
- Changed  **Form Manchu** decision, now only requires **>499 dev** but does not grant **empire rank government**
- Changed  **Form Yuan** decision, now converts country to **Monarchy** and grants **empire rank government**

#### Defender of Faith
- Made **DoF** available to all religions
- Reversed the levels of **DoF**, fewer followers of religion = stronger **DoF**

#### Estate Privileges
- Nerfed **Loans from Burghers/Jains** estate privilege, can no longer be taken while still having the low interest loans

#### Events
- Changed **Polish-Lithuanian Personal Union** events so that **Lithuania** gets a choice in the establishment of the union

#### Ideas
- Removed **Naval ideas**
- **Aristocratic ideas** changed, replaced **+1 diplomat** with **+50% cavalry to infantry ratio**

#### Land warfare modifiers
- Drilling now generates **5% yearly army professionalism** instead of **1% yearly army professionalism**
- Recruiting generals now grants **5% army professionalism** instead of **1% army professionalism**
- Slacken recruitment now costs **25% army professionalism** instead of **5% army professionalism**
- Assault fort now costs **50 military points** instead of **5 military points**

#### National Focus
- Changed base national focus cooldown from **25** years to **15** years

#### Rivals
- Diplo cost and cooldown of **changing rivals** removed

#### Score
- **COUNTRIES_GETTING_SCORE** changed from **10** to **0**. I.e. removed score from the game.

#### Static Modifiers
- **100% Horde Unity** now grants **+100% reform progress**, modifier relates linearly to percentage

####  Triggered Modifiers
- All countries get **--100% envoy travel time**
- **Rapid Collapse of Society 2** modifier created which negates the original **Rapid Collapse of Society**
	- Disgusting solution, don't @ me

#### War Score
- Increase **war score** gained from **fulfill war goal** to **35%**

Commit message:

Nerf "Maratha Military Leadership" privilege discipline from 10% to 5% 15 votes in favor 6 votes against (71% vs 29%)

README.md, after:

# Sweddit Universalis changelog

## Mingsplosion

#### Decisions
- Added **form Empire of China** decision

#### Government reforms
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Confucian religion** and that are both **<145 dev** and don't have **Chinese culture group primary culture**, grants **+5% morale of armies** and **+10% goods produced**.  A version of this reform also exists for **republics**, it also adds **-40 absolutism**
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Chinese culture group primary culture**, **Confucian religion** and **>144 dev**, grants **+5% morale of armies**, **-10% aggressive expansion**, **+10% goods produced** and **+100 governing capacity**. A version of this reform also exists for **republics**, it also adds **-40 absolutism**
- Added **Tier 1 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag** with **Confucian religion**, grants **+10% morale of armies**, **+0.2% yearly army professionalism**, **+20% goods produced** and **+300 governing capacity**. Only available to monarchies
- Added **Tier 2 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag**, grants **+20% manpower modifier** and **+20% land force limit**. Only available to monarchies
- Added **Tier 4 government reform** which is only available to countries with **Empire of China tag** with **Confucian religion**, grants **+2 monarch admin power** and **-1 diplomatic relations**. Only available to monarchies

#### History
- **Ming** broken up into multiple nations, many with **unique national ideas**

#### Mandate of Heaven
- Completely removed the **Mandate of Heaven** mechanic

#### Triggered Modifiers
- Added modifier, all **Theocracies** with **Confucian** religion gain **+5% morale of armies** and **+10% goods produced**

#### Wargoals
- Changed **Unify China** CB. Now only available **before 1550** to countries with **Chinese culture group primary culture** or **Manchu tag** or **Qing tag**. Applies to all provinces within **China super region**. Grants **75% aggressive expansion**, **150% prestige** and **100% peace cost**

## Misc changes

#### Ages
- Age of Revolutions **unlimited coring range** age ability changed to **+100% supply limit modifier**

#### Alliances
- Removed opinion requirement for forming alliance

#### Decisions
- Changed  **Form Manchu** decision, now only requires **>499 dev** but does not grant **empire rank government**
- Changed  **Form Yuan** decision, now converts country to **Monarchy** and grants **empire rank government**

#### Defender of Faith
- Made **DoF** available to all religions
- Reversed the levels of **DoF**, fewer followers of religion = stronger **DoF**

#### Estate Privileges
- Nerfed **Loans from Burghers/Jains** estate privilege, can no longer be taken while still having the low interest loans
- Nerfed **Maratha Military Leadership** estate privilege, from **10% discipline** to **5% discipline**

#### Events
- Changed **Polish-Lithuanian Personal Union** events so that **Lithuania** gets a choice in the establishment of the union

#### Ideas
- Removed **Naval ideas**
- **Aristocratic ideas** changed, replaced **+1 diplomat** with **+50% cavalry to infantry ratio**

#### Land warfare modifiers
- Drilling now generates **5% yearly army professionalism** instead of **1% yearly army professionalism**
- Recruiting generals now grants **5% army professionalism** instead of **1% army professionalism**
- Slacken recruitment now costs **25% army professionalism** instead of **5% army professionalism**
- Assault fort now costs **50 military points** instead of **5 military points**

#### National Focus
- Changed base national focus cooldown from **25** years to **15** years

#### Rivals
- Diplo cost and cooldown of **changing rivals** removed

#### Score
- **COUNTRIES_GETTING_SCORE** changed from **10** to **0**. I.e. removed score from the game.

#### Static Modifiers
- **100% Horde Unity** now grants **+100% reform progress**, modifier relates linearly to percentage

####  Triggered Modifiers
- All countries get **--100% envoy travel time**
- **Rapid Collapse of Society 2** modifier created which negates the original **Rapid Collapse of Society**
	- Disgusting solution, don't @ me

#### War Score
- Increase **war score** gained from **fulfill war goal** to **35%**
